C:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\GenericMethod\bin\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.exe
c:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\GenericMethod\bin\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.deps.json
c:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\GenericMethod\bin\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\GenericMethod\bin\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.dll
C:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\GenericMethod\bin\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.pdb
C:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\GenericMethod\obj\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\GenericMethod\obj\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\GenericMethod\obj\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\GenericMethod\obj\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\GenericMethod\obj\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\GenericMethod\obj\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.dll
C:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\GenericMethod\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\GenericMethod.dll
C:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\GenericMethod\obj\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.pdb
c:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\GenericMethod\obj\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\GenericMethod\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\GenericMethod.dll
C:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\GenericMethod\bin\Debug\net7.0\Generic.deps.json
C:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\GenericMethod\bin\Debug\net7.0\Generic.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\GenericMethod\bin\Debug\net7.0\Generic.exe
C:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\GenericMethod\bin\Debug\net7.0\Generic.dll
C:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\GenericMethod\bin\Debug\net7.0\Generic.pdb
C:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\GenericMethod\obj\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\00Generic\bin\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.exe
c:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\00Generic\bin\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.deps.json
c:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\00Generic\bin\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\00Generic\bin\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.dll
c:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\00Generic\bin\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.pdb
c:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\00Generic\obj\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\00Generic\obj\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\00Generic\obj\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\00Generic\obj\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\00Generic\obj\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\00Generic\obj\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.dll
c:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\00Generic\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\GenericMethod.dll
c:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\00Generic\obj\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.pdb
c:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\00Generic\obj\Debug\net7.0\GenericMethod.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Formulatrix\Desktop\Bootcamp\vscode\Day 4\00Generic\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\GenericMethod.dll
